Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBClient__construct.txt

MongoDB\\Client::__construct()
==============================

.. meta::

>    :description: Learn how to construct a new MongoDB Client instance in PHP, including options for connection strings, authentication, SSL, and custom type maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Learn how to construct a new MongoDB Client instance with the MongoDB PHP Library, including options for connection strings, authentication, SSL, and custom type maps.
```
